Docs: add information about `overrideRole` provisioning option to docs (#89181)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/rbac-grafana-provisioning/index.md

    # <bool> force deletion revoking all grants of the role.
    force: true
  - uid: 'basic_editor'

>     # <bool> always apply the specified changes to the role, regardless of the role version in the data base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # <bool> always apply the specified changes to the role, regardless of the role version in the database
```
